This woman's face flushed.
Surely you don't have a leg with your idiot?
Everyone can start the meeting.
There's talk.
I heard you bought a piece of land in Nam Son from the management corporation.
That's right, before the government made the announcement.
I bought that land.
How's it going?
Qin Shao Anh Minh
This young man did a wiser thing.
What's going on?
The young master sold that land to Li Jia.
Net profit 1 billion
A billion.
Hey, hey.
"This idiot brought this to the shareholders' meeting."
Isn't this for people to hold?
Qin Fengming, is there a problem with your mind?
Sell that land.
The stupid doctor.
You dare scold me with a problem in my mind.
Do you want to die? Am I wrong?
That land is valuable.
Li Jia is more and more a competitor of our Qin Jia.
Don t you sell your land to them to make money?
I can tell you
I bought that land.
What do I like?
Just you.
That's enough.